(claudette)
If you a dog let me hear ya bark
It ain't my fault that the dart that hit ya hard split you apart
You shoulda kept your guard
Tryin to play it hard
Last night pulled up in a black lex in the yard
Tokin' on a roc-roc
You wanna murder me?
You got the wrong conspiracy
This Ain't Kennedy!
Jealousy get you no where but legacy
You wanna wish? you better i dream a genie!
(Robbie)
All i left her was a broken heart
And a bunch of lies that i told her
Then i bounce before the sheets were warm
See im the type to love em and leave em
And for no reason i'll be out the door
Dont catch feelin's cuz my heart is cold
See im that brotha that your mother tried to warn ya bout
But you just had to try it now your cryin on your mamas couch
You put your heart in the fire baby it burned up
So heres a little story bout a lesson you should learn
(Ryan Chorus)
It ain't my fault that im a dog
I been in love before but me...
I picked the apple that was rotten to the core
I put the world at her feet she kicked it in the dirt
Now i won't fall in love cuz i end up gettin hurt!
It ain't my fault that im a dog!
I been in love before
But the trust i have in women has been thouroughly destroyed
I put the world at her feet she kicked it in the dirt
Now i won't fall in love cuz Im always getting hurt
(claudette)
Well first of all it ain't my fault that the chick broke your heart
If you was hurt you should have told me from the start
Instead of sending me the flowers
All that candy and that gucci shit
On the phone for hours gassin me like im some goupy bitch
See ive been hurt to but that dont mean i ll hurt you
Never did i burn u or run you like some do
Now look at what we've come to
Its young and its stupid
Are u blamin all of us for ONE chick that was crooked
(claudette chorus)
It ain't my fault that your a dog!
I been in love before but you..
You were the apple that was rotten to the core
I put the world at your feet you kicked it in the dirt
Now i won't show no love cuz i'll end up getting hurt
It ain't my fault that your a dog!
I been in love before
But the trust i have in men has been thouroughly destroyed
I put the world at your feet you kicked it in the dirt
Now i won't show no love cuz Im always getting hurt
(Robbie)
I thought you was the angel god sent to me
Meant to be
But the memory of our love burn like a rug burn
But a thug learns
Never put your heat in the flame
Be apart of the game
Play smart in the game
But i was young back then
Dumb back then
But nowa days how i plays not the same
Controlin these thangs take novacaine due to the pain
So dont come cry to me lie to me
These days these women just leave you busted and pennyless
Stuck with no benefits
Fuck us like benjamins suck us like guinea pigs
Thinkin they inoccent
If i let em in again ima never win again
Like the bulls with no jordan or pippen in
So ain't no love strong enough for me to be slippin in
With the booga basement
Love dont live here no more baby face it
(Ryan chorus)
(Claudette chorus)