Ah, bitch (Hahaha, yeah, Baby Talk 5)
Fuck a nigga mean, nigga? (Baby Talk 5)
Fuck you talkin' 'bout? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

I'm on they ass today, I just went and picked me up a bag today
I pulled up on the scene with a bad lil' bae (Ooh)
She got a fat ass, when I smash, it shake (Ooh)
Smackin' her ass, playin' patty cake (Ah)
Shut the fuck up, do what daddy say
I think I got lil' baby mad at me (Huh?)

Fucked up her hair, she look bad today
Told her, "Hop in the whip, we can go get it fixed"
I'ma drop the bitch off with my sis, she the shit
As soon as she done with that nappy ass hair, you can call up your boy to come pick up his bitch (Brrt, damn)
Look at my wrist, that's a brick, I just fucked up my Rolex, but fuck it, it's lit (Damn)
I don't give a fuck 'bout no fame or no chain, ain't no jewelry, put me on the lick (Damn)
I just went sat with the label (Huh?)
Niggas offered me a contract (What happened?)
Told them niggas, "I ain't want it" (Why?)
The shit was wack, I didn't sign that (Uh)
I'm the best, but never mind that (Okay)
My shit so hard that they rewind that (Ah)
Got that work if you can't find that (Huh?)
You can't afford it, we can finance
I got one foot in the trap, got one foot up they ass, ditch your coat on the rap
Got my dick in your bitch, she be bendin' it over and bustin' it open and throwin' it back
I'm tryna go fuck her buddy
Fuck all these hoes, 'cause they don't really love me
I'm tryna get me some motherfuckin' money
If they free Meek Mill, why they ain't free my cousin?
I bet we shoot up your motherfuckin' party if somebody touch me or one of my brothers
I bet won't none of these niggas that talk on the internet try me, they see me in public
I bet they play all my motherfuckin' teachin'
Bitch, I don't rap, I be motherfuckin' preachin'
I bet you paid for that motherfuckin' show and I bet you paid for that motherfuckin' feature (Bitch)
I'm on they ass today, I just went and picked me up a bag today
I pulled up on the scene with a bad lil' bae (Huh? Huh?)
She got a fat ass, when I smash, it shake
Smackin' her ass, playin' patty cake
Shut the fuck up, do what daddy say
I think I got lil' baby mad at me

Fuck it, let's go to the bank
I'm 'bout to motherfuckin' blank (Blank, blank, blank)
My name hold weight, I got motherfuckin' rank
I'm in the rental with my brother Thank
We tryna eat, where our motherfuckin' plate? (Ha)
It's been there with me, y'all just motherfuckin' late
I need that shit now, I can't motherfuckin' wait
I bet you act like you motherfuckin' know
I put this .45 on your motherfuckin' face, bitch

I'm on they ass today, I just went and picked me up a bag today (Huh? Huh?)
I pulled up on the scene with a bad lil' bae (Skrrt)
She got a fat ass, when I smash, it shake (Uh-huh)
Smackin' her ass, playin' patty cake
Shut the fuck up, do what daddy say
I think I got lil' baby mad at me
Huh?
Hahaha, fuck you talkin' 'bout, nigga? Huh?
DaBaby, DaBaby, DaBaby, DaBaby
Bitch, Baby Talk 