Flexin' and Finessin'
Flexin' and Finessin'
Ain't got no time for stressin'
I'm just flexin' and finessin'

Okay now, big dollars I been gettin'
This my world, boy, I been shittin'
These bad bitches? I'm friends with 'em
They bow down and let my friends hit 'em
Like got damn, this Tight Gold shit!
You ridin' round in my old whip
Me? Trapgold 1st? Black hood
He gotta double cup, and pour that good
I got racks to play, you on my tip
You just window shop and don't buy shit!
I gotta Pearl Handle, don't try shit and to these haters please stay up off my dick
I got Cartiers on my eyelids and these Princesses on my wrist
How the fuck could you say it ain't fly bitch!?
I'm so fresh to death I just died, bitch!
Now clap clap for me, go ahead, girl, bring it back, back for me
Pull my cash out my, let her lap dance for it
Fuck around and bust a band, no black jack on it
Call me Iggy Iggs, I'm on trippy shit
I like Whitney's hips, I like Britney's tits
I want 'em both to strip I'm on pippin' shit
And since I can't pick… We'll do a switchy switch, word
Flexin' and Finessin'
Flexin' and Finessin'
Ain't got no time for stressing
I'm just flexin and finessing

Let’s go!
I was counting cash with the money machine
She giving me head then coming outta her jeans
Smoke a pound today roll up a Juicy J double cup full of Promethazine..
Seen the Porsche I like, bought the bitch twice
I can do that shit for the rest of my life
Seen the bitch I like, hit the bitch twice
Stay flexing hard, mother fuck a price
I get it flip it and shit it
Poppin' molly, dig it back to business
Ride the Lamb doing twice the limit
Got your bitch screaming from start to finish
Bank bands all on my cash, stripper bitches gone shake their ass
Twenty years in the rap game, man, I don’t have to make it last
That bullshit that you smoking never been in my cigar
What I'm smoking on you gotta keep in a jar
Own it to the shit and nigga pop and have a bar
With two white chicks ménage à trois
Rolling up, back to back
I need my medicine, I got cataracts
One night with yo bitch then you can have her back
Me saving these hoes imagine that
Flexin’ & Finessin', Fle-Flexin’ & Finessin'
Ain’t got no time for stressin'
I’m just Flexin’ & Finessin'
Flexin’ & Finessin, Flexin’ & Finessin'
And Finessin', and Finessin, and Finessin'
Flexin' and Finessin', nessin-nessin-nessin
Look look look flexin' and finessin', nessin-nessin