There's no me
In the beginnin', it was me (Blastin') Nas (I'm blastin')
I stood alone (Ashanti) but now
Don't you know that I will never leave (Uh)
Murder Inc., y'all (It's Murda, nigga, haha)
It's over now, y'all know that right? (Irv Gotti)
Ill Will, baby (It's Murda)
It's Murda (For life)

My enemies want sorta the same respect I was born with
"God's Son" tatted on my chest, it's permanent
The rap Albert Anastasia
You cowards, y'all want the crown from the Black power man of Asia
Snap out your dreams and prayers of takin' a king's paper
Ask that other rapper how it feel to lose his whole gangsta (How it feel, man?)
You's a no namesta, ya little mans is no threat
You make me upset, I might stank ya (Blastin')
Inc. is the Murder, Ill Will merger let my cash
Make sex with yo' cash, it can't hurt us
Phones ringin' off the hook, Bush and Bloomberg callin' me constant
Streets wanna know the 'cause of that gossip
Nas is lord of the projects 'til the coffin's droppin'
In the ocean like a Amistad slave over boat when
It's a new day, y'all should be scared, I'm back with Stoute
Southside, Queensbridge, the hood's in here
There's no me (Uh, talk to me)
Without you (There's no me, y'all)
I can't be (I-N-C)
Without you (Ill Will now)
Don't you know that I will never leave? (Talk to me now)
Leave you (It's no me, y'all)
All I need (I-N-C) need is you
There's no me

Yeah (B-B-B-Blastin')
Let me talk to these niggas, Gotti (I'm blastin')
Yeah, what up Suge? (It's Murda for life)

And Lord knows I'll die, I pledge allegiance to homicide
And murder be the case when I kill 'em, why
Would they get a nigga like me started?
I'm regarded the hardest workin' artist since 'Pac (Niggas)
And I ain't talkin' if I'm liked or better
I'm talkin', if he was here, we'd probably ride together
On this chick-ass nigga with curls, bitch dog
Get at me, dog, Rule, nigga, the boss
But you always been a pup now, ain't it a pity
That you runnin' to IG, dyin' to be me?
But I pledge, I-N-C and for the love
I'll bleed it in blood and die from hot slugs, motherfuckers
There's no me (Uh, talk to me)
Without you (There's no me y'all)
I can't be (I-N-C)
Without you (Ill Will now)
Don't you know that I will never leave? (Talk to me now)
Leave you (It's no me, y'all)
All I need (I-N-C), need is you

Murder I-N-C, you know that I can't see myself
Livin' without you, bein' without you, breathin' without you, baby
What you done to me, you know that I can't see myself
Livin' without you, bein' without you, breathin' without you, baby

There's no me (There's no me)
Without you (Without you)
I can't be (Can't be)
Without you (Can't be)
Don't you know that I will never leave? (I'll never leave)
Leave you (That I'll never leave)
All I need (All I need, all I need), need is you
There's no me (Uh, talk to me)
Without you (There's no me, y'all)
I can't be (I-N-C)
Without you (Ill Will now)
Don't you know that I will never leave? (Talk to me now)
Leave you (It's no me, y'all)
All I need (I-N-C) need is you
There's no me
I shall not fear no man but God
Though I walk through the valley of death (Don't you know that I will—)
If I should die before I wake, please, God, walk with me
Grab a nigga and take me to Heaven

It's Murda
It's Murda for life