Word to mother, got my nigga Buck 3000 on the boards
Holla back
My nigga Terry, he gon' be the big boy
You know what I'm sayin'?
Ayo, ayo, Jody
Hey, you can tell somebody to go downstairs to the car and shit
Get that bottle of Voo out the back of the 'Bach for me, baby
I need to get right before I do this here
Uh-huh

(Why me and you) Had to meet, talk, fuck and get caught up?
(What we been through) It's enough to get any man caught up
(I'm feeling you) And I'm feeling we should both be free
(If we were through) Just imagine what life be without me

Mami, I put my best foot forward, though it's kinda awkward
'Cause I'm pigeon-toed and bow-legged
But you ain't too proud to beg
First time we got alone, you gave me some head
And been calling me ever since to do it again
When we met you was a seven, just creeping to ten
And now your my lucky quarter
The days get shorter, nights get longer
You know when the weather is cold feelings grow stronger
What a performer, the pussy feel like walking pneumonia
Got me sniffling and sneezing, coughing and aching and shit
And I'm starting to think I'm falling in love with this bitch
I'm having dreams about her jeans and how they fit
In that ErvingGeoffrey baby tee
She's wearing my name already, so you know she's fucking me
I'm a G like that, but for you I fell backwards
The only question I ask myself is— Shit
(Why me and you) Had to meet, talk, fuck and get caught up?
(What we been through) It's enough to get any man caught up
(I'm feeling you) And I'm feeling we should both be free
(If we were through) Just imagine what life be without me

Why me? Better yet why you and I?
Why I always pick the ones not in they right mind and crazy?
Singing "Dangerously In Love"
This a dangerous broad I'm fuckin'
Like Al, it's the "Scent of a Woman"
That got me playing hardball like Doc Gooden
Excuse my intruding, I don't mean to be rude
But our situation is kinda amusin'
'Cause we both like each other, but scared of each other
It's like we more than friends, but less than lovers
And my niggas can't tell us what we been doing is wrong
And your girls getting jealous 'cause we been getting along
Hold on, this is how it all begins
You call your friends, I'll call my friends, we'll all be friends
And hang out at the mansion in the Hamptons on weekends
Then it all ends, and the question is

(Why me and you) Had to meet, talk, fuck and get caught up?
(What we been through) It's enough to get any man caught up
(I'm feeling you) And I'm feeling we should both be free
(If we were through) Just imagine what life be without me
Have you even been touched like I touch ya?
Been held like I hold ya?
Been loved like I love ya?
Be real, be real
Have you ever been seen like I see you?
Been heard how I hear you?
Been felt how I feel you?
Be real, be real

Girl, you're my sunshine
But sometimes it gets a little cloudy don't it?
Them sunny days, I see the sunrise, and wish that it could hit ya
Face, it'd be great to get up every morning
To eggs and steak, but you can't relate
So we separated on good terms, no one's concerned
About who ya be fucking, and who ya fucked last
But when I see you, still the question I ask is

(Why me and you) Had to meet, talk, fuck and get caught up?
(What we been through) It's enough to get any man caught up
(I'm feeling you) And I'm feeling we should both be free
(If we were through) Just imagine what life be without me