Uh

I be overseas, I be in L.A.  
I be in the South, trappin' hard all day
I'm from Pittsburgh, but I be in the Bay
I be in New York, I be M.I.A.  
I be in Chi-town where they quick to spray
I be in Detroit where they gettin' paid
I be overseas, I be in L.A. (hahahahaha)
I be in New York, I be M.I.A.  

If you know me, you know I'm 'bout my bread
I count a hundred million dollars 'fore I go to bed
I'm smoking OG, I'm drinking champagne
I'm standing on the couch just throwing up my damn gang
I'm out in A town, 'bout to go to Mansion
My jewelry on so all my dogs is ready for the action
I'm in my old school, my niggas ridin' new
I'm in the Fountain Bleu like "What you tryin' to do?"
I brought the whole thang so that's what I'ma smoke
I spent the whole thang, I'm never going broke
I'm rocking gold chains, I'm drinking 'til I croak
Smokin' 'til I choke, my watch need a vote, oh
I be overseas, I be in L.A. (hahahaha)
I be in the South, trappin' hard all day (It's presidential, nigga)
I'm from Pittsburgh, but I be in the Bay (Uh)
I be in New York, I be M.I.A. (Yeah)
I be in Chi-town where they quick to spray
I be in Detroit where they gettin' paid
I be overseas (Yes I am), I be in L.A.  
I be in New York, I be M.I.A. (Check it out)

On vacation weed in rotation
Relaxation, trippy nation
Chasing bands, model chicks
Look like Sports Illustrated
I'm getting high as a plane
With no final destination
On that gin, on that Hen
And that lean intoxication (You know it)
Rocking dollars, rocking gold
Money tall like Manute Bol
In a presidential suite
With some Playmate centerfolds
Niggas out here chasin' ass
But they should be chasin' cash
I be smoking 'til it's gone
Juicy J don't waste no gas (Waste no gas)
With her legs lift up (Oh)
I thought it was a stick up (Oh)
Should've seen them hoes that pick up
Bands hard to lift up (Damn)
Yellow diamonds look like a bumble bee (Uh)
They call me the money tree (The money tree)
All these bands on me, I can throw a jamboree
I be overseas, I be in L.A.  
I be in the South, trappin' hard all day
I'm from Pittsburgh, but I be in the Bay
I be in New York, I be M.I.A.  
I be in Chi-town where they quick to spray
I be in Detroit where they gettin' paid
I be overseas, I be in L.A
I be in New York, I be M.I.A.  
